updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#15810)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/network-programming/pnrp-in-application-development.md

  
 For highly simplified PNRP name resolution in Windows Vista, PNRP names are now integrated into the getaddrinfo() Windows Sockets function. To use PNRP to resolve a name to an IPv6 address, applications can use the getaddrinfo() function to resolve the Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) name.prnp.net, in which name is peer name being resolved. The pnrp.net domain is a reserved domain in Windows Vista for PNRP name resolution.  
  

>  Message passing between PeerToPeer applications is still handled by underlying architectures such as PeerChannel and WCF [Large Data and Streaming](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-4.0/ms733742(v=vs.100)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Message passing between PeerToPeer applications is still handled by underlying architectures such as PeerChannel and WCF [Large Data and Streaming](../wcf/feature-details/large-data-and-streaming.md).  
```
